### Images

Adding images is simply done by clicking on the "Image" button in the WYSIYG editor. If you have an image from another website you can enter it's address into the "URL" field. To locate an existing image on the server or add a new image, click on the "Browse Server" button. On the right side of "File Browser" window, there is a list of existing images. Clicking on an image then pressing "Insert File" will add the address of the image to the "URL" field. If you press upload you are given the option to choose a file and upload it to the server. Once a file is uploaded, it will be available on the right pane to be inserted into the page.

You can do some minor edits to the layout of the image from the "Image Properties" window. Setting the "Alignment" to left or right will allow the image to float to the side with text wrapping around it. Setting "HSpace" or "VSpace" will add some padding around an image. It is recommended that you always set the "Alternative Text" to a value that is relevant for the image. This should be describing what is in the image but more importantly why the image is there. This information is very important for search engines and for accessibility.

Reseting the size of images or fixing images that appear to be distorted or stretched weird can be done on the image edit page. After selecting the image and clicking the "Image" button, press the "Reset Size" button (looks like a circular arrow) to set the size back to its original dimensions. If you are changing the size of the image, make sure the "Lock Ratio" button (looks like a lock) is in the closed locked. If you change the width or height of the image, this will make sure the opposite dimension is adjusted to be proportional.