### Blocks

Blocks are the main building component of a Drupal website. Each page of the site is made up of many blocks. These can be something small such as the copyright in the footer, or something large like the main page content. Blocks can be edited by going to the main menu and selecting "Structure" then "Blocks". This page is broken into many sections called regions. These describe areas of the site where blocks maybe placed. This includes section such as headers, sidebars and footers. To get a good understanding of what the regions on your site are, click on the "Demonstrate block regions" link. When you are done, click "Exit block region demonstration" to return to the block listing page.

You can use the drag handle to reorder blocks within a region and to move them to other regions. A block may only be placed in one location within the site.

To make more edits to a block, click the "configure" link. Most blocks will have options to change their "Block title", "CSS class(es)", "Region Settings" and "Visibility". Changing the "title" will set what appears on the front end of the website above the block. If this is set to *\<none\>* (including the \<\>) then no title will be used. "CSS Classes" is used to specify the appearance of the block. This is used for development purposes and shouldn't typically be edited. The region you want a block to appear in can also be set using the "Region Settings". Block visibility can be set using the "Visibility Settings". The most common usage to specify a set of pages you want the block to appear or not appear on. This can be done by adding the address you want to filter for into the *Pages* tab and selecting the appropriate value for "Show block on specific pages".