### Editing a Webform

The Webform content type has many extra options inside the "Webform" and "Results" tabs. The "Webform" tab has options related to the structure of the form, notification emails and extra form settings. The "Results" tab contains several options for viewing the submissions including downloading them.

In the "Form Components" section you can add additional fields to the form. You can use the move controls on the left to reorder the fields of the form. After you have set the order you can press "Save" to save the changes. The last row in the table allows you to add an additional field. In the "New component name" field enter the name of the field. The "Type" drop down lets you select the type of data you want to collect. After choosing the name and type of the new component press "Add" to create the new field. There are more options on the next page which let you provide a description to assist users when filling out the form, weather the field is required and many other options.

The "E-mails" tab lets you send notification emails after the form is submitted. If you set an address you can notify an admin for example every time or, by selecting an email component value, you can email the person who submitted the form. These are often used together by sending the main contact the details so they can follow up and sending the user an email letting them know that they will be contacted.

The "Form settings" tab is a collection of many options, two of which are very commonly used: the "Confirmation message" and the "Redirection location". The "Confirmation message" is by default shown after a user submits the form. This is a full WYSIWYG editor and allows you to perform any formatting you would typically use on a "Basic Page" or "Blog Post". The "Redirection location" sets what happens after the form is submitted. The default option is to display the "Confirmation message" on the "Confirmation Page". If you select "Custom URL", you can specify a destination to redirect to. If this is selected, the "Confirmation message" is not displayed. The "No redirect" option redirects back to the form. A "form submitted" message will appear if this option is selected so the user knows that there was not an issue.